alright we're going to haul up
now and come in
weird fishing this fish around
there's a couple bites you don't
mark that many it's just very
strange
there's a ton of boats out here
everybody's trying to get the
last licks in before the end of
the season a lot of fish eight
other people's Bates they didn't
get to us there around but it's
still strange ranger at a
certain point you make a
decision to go in
you can't keep torturing
yourself waiting for a tuna fish
to bite
I don't want to go in right now
we've been an amazing hot streak
and going in means we've
accepted that the streak is over
you've got baited lines hundreds
of feet deep and once you pull
those up you're out of the game
ok
God five minutes
why do we do this because Triple
on you know that for a great
fisherman like Brad this is the
worst thing that could happen we
missed a huge chance by only a
couple of minutes we missed it
it happens okay because that was
the best like parts had all year
and we just put our lines it
like it's not fair
when we have hooked up probably
would we have landed it
no I'm not Jesus Christ that was
a huge kick in the dick right
now
bald